Dabo - Some brief installation notes.

PREREQUISITES:
+ Python (we recommend the latest, currently 2.5)
+ sqlite3 (comes with Python 2.5) or pysqlite2 (install separately)
+ wxPython UNICODE BUILD (we recommend the latest, currently 2.8)
+ MySQLdb (to run the demos)
+ reportlab
+ PIL (also known as Imaging or the Python Imaging Library)


INSTALLATION:
Windows: run 'win_setup.bat'
Mac or Linux: As root or administrator, execute the following shell command:
    python setup.py install

That's it! 


OTHER STUFF:
There are two other directories in the same folder as this file: 'demo' and 
'ide'. They contain useful programs (written in Dabo, of course!) to help
you explore and develop with Dabo. You should move these to a convenient 
folder on your system, such as 'My Documents\Dabo' on Windows, or '~/dabo' on 
Linux or Mac.

The 'demo' folder contains the DaboDemo application, which shows off a lot of
the cool things in Dabo. This is still a work-in-progress, with more demos
being added all the time. Be sure to check the website for updates!

The 'ide' folder contains our visual tools, such as the Class Designer, which
you can use to visually design your UI; the connection editor ('CxnEditor'),
which is used to create connections to database servers, as well as several 
other useful visual tools.

There's also the new 'daboserver' directory. This is the 'guts' of a
Pylons server that will work with the web app features of Dabo. The only
modified files are the 'bizservers.py' controller, the routing.py file
in config, the OrdersBizobj.py sample for a remote bizobj, and the
'appSource' directory, which contains the source of the remote app. I
plan on documenting how all this stuff works over the next few months,
so keep an eye out for that!


HAVING PROBLEMS?
But... if you have trouble installing, and for whatever reason the setup.py 
doesn't work, just add a file named 'dabo.pth' to your site-packages directory,
with the path to dabo e.g. '/home/pmcnett/projects/dabo'.

If you are on Linux and got the following error:
error: invalid Python installation: unable to open /usr/lib/python2.6/config/Makefile (No such file or directory)

and you really want to get setup.py to install dabo for you, you need to
install the python-dev package. For instance (on Debian):

apt-get install python2.6-dev

(assuming you are running python2.6; change the version number as appropriate).
